=head1 NAME

GRNOC::NetSage::ResourceDB::DataService::Result - GlobalNOC NetSage ResourceDB Web Service Data Service Result Object

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use GRNOC::NetSage::ResourceDB::DataService::Result;

  my $result = GRNOC::NetSage::ResourceDB::DataService::Result->new( results => [{'some' => 'result'}],
                                                                       total => 1,
                                                                       offset => 0,
                                                                       warning => 'some warning' );

  my $total = $result->total();
  my $offset = $result->offset();
  my $results = $result->results();
  my $warning = $result->warning();

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This library is used to encapsulate result data from many of the get methods in the
B<GRNOC::NetSage::ResourceDB::DataService> child objects.

=head1 CONSTRUCTOR

=over 4

=item new ( OPTIONS )

=over 4

=item results <ARRAYREF> [required]

An arrayref of hashrefs containing the actual result data.

=item total <INTEGER> [optional]

The total number of results before any limit/offset is applied.

=item offset <INTEGER> [optional]

The index of the first data result that is returned, used for pagination.

=item warning <STRING> [optional]

An optional warning message for the user regarding their request and these results.

=back

=back

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item results ( ARRAYREF )

Getter/setter for the results to return for this request.

=item total ( INTEGER )

Getter/setter for the total number of results before pagination was applied.

=item offset ( INTEGER )

Getter/setter for the index of the first result returned, used for pagination.

=item warning ( STRING )

Getter/setter for the optional warning message to give to the user.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

GRNOC Software Engineering <globalnoc@iu.edu>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright(C) 2017 The Trustees of Indiana University
